enhancement(http): log source IP as `host` key in the `http` source (#19667)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/4221_host_key_http_source.enhancement.md

> Add support to display the remote IP that sent log data to Vector via the `http` source.

Reviewer: I would extend this a little, to note the new setting, something like

```suggestion
Added an event field to the `http` source which provides the remote IP that sent log data to Vector.

The event field key is configurable through a new configuration setting `host_key`, which defaults to the global host key.
```

> Added an event field to the `http` source which provides the remote IP that sent log data to Vector.
> 
> The event field key is configurable through a new configuration setting `host_key`, which defaults to the global host key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `http_server` source can now optionally annotate events with the remote IP by setting the `host_key` option.
```

Shortening this up a bit.
